First I bought a cheap USB thermometer. Something called the TEMPer (https://goo.gl/qRwhm6).  It cost about $13.  Here's an artical about the TEMPer: https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=ebest-temper-linux&num=1

I don't have linux box like the person writing the article above, but I do have an old mac laptop....

Next you need an gmail account to send the emails through, and you'll have to configure gmail to allow your laptop to send email via SMTP.  You can do this at https://myaccount.google.com/.  From the homescreen under `Sign-in & Security` you should see a linked called `Signing in to Google`.  And once clicking on that link click on `App passwords`.  It will probably ask you to enter your gmail password next.  Then you need to create a new app.  Under the `Select the app and device you want to generate the app password for.` heading, select `Other (custom name)` in the select app box.  Give it some name (I used "python").  And click `Generate`.  This should then give you a 16 character password that will allow our temp sensor to send emails.  Copy this password and save it (but keep it secret).

Note: I don't know the security implications of this. You are creating an alternate password that can be used to access at least parts of your gmail. Google generates this password, and it seems pretty strong (16 random characters).  However, if you are uncomfortable with this, quit now and delete this access (there should be a trash can icon next to the newly allowed "python" app).  Alternatively, create a dummy gmail account that you'll use only for this purpose.
